the allergan of nature
He steps on today.
ilzamar gadelha
walked
the unit is replete with references in the interaction and integration ended the
end of the month in Greek mythology the Amazonian legends
in most cultures that are considered sacred animals
were not always associated with intelligence and sensuality
characteristics that are attractive and sympathetic to the human species
have arisen before us that we use dolphins as a healing instrument
announced at the end of retirement is a union confiscation
found especially in tropical ocean waters in the Atlantic
peaceful and
indicated
residents can seek shelter in calm waters science of the islands
oceanic
as in china
and in the Bay of Dolphins, I think by the voice of Fernando de Noronha-P
even in the presence of dolphins in fernando de noronha and open from 1556
when you get to the end
in kings' cove describes his presence
one of the vessels abroad
the most recent analysis tells the assault to report pirouette by taking several
times around the axis of the body
before returning to rome the reason of the popular name
is known scientifically as this melamed
this system is that by having the body stretched and does not generate stress
for having a long muzzle
the router found burned controlled by reaching the 2
from 65 to 67 and has a three-color pattern
these studies are necessary to instruct procedure I do not have time
these tests confirm percent and with much infinite love with the tip
black and to the upper and darker part that is lower
internally the dolphins has an anatomy very similar to that of other
mammals with the same organs and functions
actions of this nature
what is made to come to the surface to carry out the gas exchanges
with respiratory orifices
yesterday laurel saw
works as a valve that fitting Saudi dolphins breathe
these guys and energy quality
there was nothing much
the sardine quantity of fresh water required with the management of their
companies
like weeks the dolphins have a residence of the municipality will leave this
said Lula citing recent from the rest of the team
they are able to distinguish the police indicted the councilman if
classify for the great victory our military region identify others
Group members
coaches said obstacles scattered at last if
present a system of orientation and location is known as capey
placing
as the name itself says
is the location the transvestite is with this awareness
defeats are normal
this is the same system used by probes and ships hussein
the graphics
to warm up the geography of the ocean floor
this way the dolphins emit waves and through the black hawk and returns are
able to recognize everything that is around you
even identify your favorite prey 'fish
we are confident are endowed with a complex system of communication and
issuing abilities the whistles emitted by the ends are
peculiar to each individual what allowed one are different
the individual signature 'behar
was a gestation period of the carriers is about three months and
medium
breastfeeding the cub stood sunshine
clarissa hose from where high fat milk is expelled
the dolphins feed at night and have daytime extension
stays well calibrated
eat shrimp
legislators garapa what is bad recommend about 5% of their weight every
24 hours
its main predator is the shark
when the rotating dolphins find
a world over large sharks generally designated fine beak split in
five groups of four
between these counters but the adults and has then responsible shark
emitting sounds that coexist from the room in a characteristic posture
depending on the size and the aggressiveness of the shark and the alertness and
meeting the dolphins
the shark has been attacked
with the dolphins and the area swimming at high speed jumping out of the
arena
there
with the end of the contract is the second most accidentally caught species
customers from five to three cards
poliana more than 100
a month are accidentally caught in the ocean
Brazil has one of the thousands of protection stations to
termination
golden
tomorrow